Add OpenScPCA-nf docs page (#582)
AlexsLemonade/OpenScPCA-analysis: docs/ensuring-repro/workflows/run-module-gha.md

To maintain module functionality over time, we use [GitHub Actions](https://docs.github.com/en/actions) (GHAs) to periodically run each module ("module testing GHA") with the goal of testing that the module code runs to completion without errors.

!!! info

>     For more information about how we run modules to generate official results and OpenScPCA releases, please see our [documentation on the `OpenScPCA-nf` workflow](../openscpca-nf/index.md).

Reviewer: I don't love "official results" but I like the sentiment... Can we come up with another phrase that we can use more widely?

Author: Maybe "results for (intended for?) release", but that might a bit wordy?

Author: I didn't quite land at a better phrase, but did this rephrase instead. What do you think? https://github.com/AlexsLemonade/OpenScPCA-analysis/pull/582/commits/1fc1b0cb4e84282f99dcb4bb0000f42259878ba1

Worth noting the phrase "official results" doesn't appear anywhere else, but also this change I made doesn't really give a phrase to use more generally either

>     For more information about how we run modules to generate OpenScPCA releases and associated results, please see our [documentation on the `OpenScPCA-nf` workflow](../openscpca-nf/index.md).

Reviewer: Since we don't run modules to generate releases, this still felt a bit off to me. How about this?
```suggestion
    For more information about how we run modules to generate workflow results associated with OpenScPCA data releases, please see our [documentation on the `OpenScPCA-nf` workflow](../openscpca-nf/index.md).
```

Author: I like it!
